What is your biggest fear in a relationship?
What was your funniest first date ever?
What is your biggest turn off in a partner?
What is your weirdest habit?
How many kids would you like to have?
What is your perfect first date?
What is one embarrassing fact we should know about you?
What was your childhood nickname?
Describe your worst date ever?
If there was no such thing as money, what would you do with your life?
What is your dream job?
If you were suddenly trapped on a deserted island for 3 days, would you survive?
Who is your favorite person here and why?
What is your best talent?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
What is your dream wedding?
Would you ever consider being a nudist?
If you could take away one bad thing in the world, what would it be?
What is your guilty pleasure?
What is the most exotic food that you have ever eaten?
What country would like to live in if you had the chance?
If you could change one thing on your body, what would it be?
What do you daydream about the most?
Describe the weirdest dream you've ever had?
How do you feel about social media?
What is your favorite season of the year?
Could you go a week without junk food?
How was your first kiss?
Describe your worst kiss ever.
Describe your exercise routine (or lack therof).
How do you feel about sex in groups?
Would you ever watch your partner have sex with somebody else?
How many romantic relationships have you had at one time?
Where is your favorite place to be kissed?
Have you ever taken it in the butt or would you?
What is the longest time you've gone without sex since your first time?
Do you enjoy rough or slow sex?
Do you prefer to be on top or bottom?
What is your favorite position?
What is your least favorite position?
What is the worst sexual experience you've ever had?
Have you ever had sex outside?
Where is the strangest place you've ever had sex?
Have you ever been surprised by something during sex?
Have you ever paid for sex?
Who was your first partner? Briefly describe your relationship with them.
Who is your favorite porn star? Describe them if you don't know their name.
What is your favorite strip club?
Have you ever thought about being a stripper?
Do you prefer the lights on or off when having sex?
Does size matter?
Do you prefer to have music in the background, or for it to be be quiet?
Do you prefer for your partner to be silent, or do you like moans?
Do you like a lot of foreplay?
What is your favorite type of foreplay?
Have you done role-playing?
What is your role-playing fantasy?
Where is your "sweet spot"? How do you prefer to be touched there (kissed, held, massaged, etc.)?
What is your strangest sexual fantasy?
Would you ever have sex for money?
How many orgasms have you had in one sexual encounter?
Spit or swallow?
Have the group choose three people. Pick one to fuck, one to marry, and one to kill.
What's your kink?
What's your favorite type/genre of porn?
Tell us a secret.
What is your spirit animal?
If you could change your name, what would you change it to?
If you could dye your hair a non-human hair color, what color would it be?
What are you most self-conscious about?
What is the most embarrassing picture of you that you can show us?
What is the most expensive thing you have stolen?
What is the most childish thing you still do?
Have you ever let somebody take the blame for something you did?
What do most of your friends think about you that is totally untrue?
Who here would you most like to make out with?
Have you ever cheated or been cheated on?
What lie have you told that hurt somebody?
What is the meanest you have been to somebody that didn't deserve it?
What is something that people think you would never do but you have?
What was the worst encounter you had with a police officer?
Tell us about your most awkward date.
What is the silliest thing you have an emotional attachment to?
What is your deepest darkest fear?
Where is the strangest place you have peed?
Who is the person you most regret kissing?
Have you ever crapped your pants since you were a child?
What is the most embarrassing thing your parents have caught you doing?
What secret about yourself did you tell somebody in confidence and then they told a lot of other people?
When was the most inappropriate time you farted?
What is the scariest dream you have ever had?
What is the most embarrassing thing in your room?
Why did you break up with your last partner?
What is the stupidest thing you have ever done?
When was the last time you peed in bed?
Who is the sexiest person here?
What is the grossest thing that has come out of your body?
What terrible thing have you done that you lied to cover up?
Who have you loved but they didn't love you back?
What is something that you have never told anyone?
What is the most disgusting habit you have?
What was the cruelest joke you played on somebody?
What is the most embarrassing thing you have put up on social media?
What bad thing have you done that no one else found out about?
What was the most awkward romantic encounter you have had?
What is the grossest thing you have had in your mouth?
Tell us about the last time somebody unexpectedly walked in on you while you were naked.
What is the most embarrassing nickname you have ever had?
What is the biggest lie you have ever told?
What is the most embarrassing photo you have on your phone?
Describe your most recent romantic encounter.
What is the weirdest thing you have done for a partner?
Who here has the nicest butt?
What is your biggest regret?
What is something people usually assume about you that is not true?
When was the last time you picked your nose without a tissue?
What do you really hope your parents never find out about?
Tell us your most embarrassing vomit story.
Tell us something you haven't wanted us to know.
Under what circumstances would you make out with someone?
What have you done that people here would judge you most for doing?
What would you do if you were another gender for a day?
Who is your crush?
Pick two players you think would make a cute couple (that aren't already a couple).
What's something you like about someone's body? How about their personality?
How do you feel about someone?
How would you go about asking someone on a date?
If you were given 1 million tax free dollars to have sex with a pig publicly on national television... would you?
What is the kinkiest dream you've ever had?
Describe a sexual fantasy that you'd like to actually try sometime.
When is the last time you thought about somebody sexually? Are they in the room?
Tell us who in this room you'd most want as a roommate.
Describe something physically appealing about each other person in the room.
Say what you love most about each other person in the room.
How old were you when you started your first romantic relationship?
Would you rather be given a compliment or a criticism, if either one would be accurate?
someone disappears on a group outing and you lose all contact with them. What do you do?
What is something you would willingly die to protect or accomplish?
Would you rather have $100 today, or $1000 in 10 years?
Would you take a 50/50 shot at winning $2 or losing $1?
All water you drink is replaced with another beverage once it enters your mouth. What beverage would you choose?
What's a kind of pain that you enjoy?
What's your favorite quality about yourself that society considers traditionally masculine?
What's your favorite quality about yourself that society considers traditionally feminine?
Tell us about your first time driving.
What noises stress you out?
Where do you like having hair on your body, and where do you not?
What kind of weapon would you keep hidden on you to assassinate someone, assuming you'd be searched first?
Describe a time when you thought less of somebody because of something they couldn't change or control.
Under what circumstances would you have sex with someone?
Would you trust someone to make decisions for you if you were incapacitated?
Would you believe someone's excuses if they showed up late?
What's something you trust more than you should?
What do you do to reset when you get too angry or sad?
Let someone go through your internet history and read it out to the group.
Have you ever sexted anyone? If so, read one of the sexts in an accent of your choice.
What is the most adventurous thing you'd want someone to do to you?
It's totally not legal to do this, but if it were... (fill in the blank).
Who do you most want to sleep with, out of everyone here?
What is the song that you get it on to the most?
What's your favorite fantasy to pleasure yourself to?
Where is the weirdest place that you've ever masturbated?
What is your favorite sex toy?
When was the first time you had an orgasm?
Who was your best partner and why?
Do you have an "I'm getting laid tonight" outfit? What it is?
What's your favorite body part on yourself? On your partner?
Have you ever cheated on somebody?
Have you ever wanted to cheat in a relationship?
How many people have you slept with?
Who's the hottest person at work?
What would be more thrilling: angry sex or make-up sex?
Who here are you most jealous of?
Who is one person in this room you've thought about while masturbating?
How do you set up to masturbate?
What's the worst kiss you've ever been given?
What is the most fun you've ever had in a romantic setting?
Have you ever had a wardrobe malfunction? Describe.
Describe the most embarrassing crush you've ever had.
What was it like going down on somebody the first time?
If you were going on a camping trip with someone, what would you expect them to forget?
Who here would you most want to go on a week-long vacation with?
If someone showed up at the start of an advertisement, what would you expect the ad to be about?
If you were already dating someone, would you break up with them?
If someone was trying their best to kill you, and you knew it, would they succeed?
someone is secretly a pop star. What's their on-stage name?
If someone wanted to give you a makeover, would you let them?
You've been turned into a small animal. Who here would you go to for help in trying to change back?
Who here did you most underestimate upon first meeting them?
What's the closest you've ever come to dying?
What would you most want for a tattoo?
Rate someone on a scale from 0 to 10. Use whatever criteria you want, and give them one overall number.
How good would you expect someone to be in bed?
You gain the favor of a shadowy organization that will use any means necessary to help you. What do you ask for help with, if anything?
Would you rather your hair be permanently wet or gelled in place?
If you could have an aura that always communicated your thoughts and emotions clearly, would you want one?
Describe the avatar you would have if you lived in a virtual reality.
What's something you know that you've forgotten?
What's the most ridiculous coincidence you've experienced?
You've teamed up with someone to face a challenge of the world. What problem would you two try to solve together?
Would you rather be unable to feel physical pain or emotional pain?
You from your most probable future comes back in time to talk to you. What do they regret that you haven't done yet?
What's a choice you made that greatly impacted your life?
Tell us about your mundane superpower. What can you do that many people can't?
What's something you know that you're terrible at?
Are you better at expressing yourself clearly, or understanding other people?
You are a Greek God. What do you have dominion over?
If you were omniscient but with the same attention span, what would you pay the most regular attention to after you've seen everything?
You are immortal. Under what conditions would you choose to die, if any?
You've swapped bodies with someone, but everyone knows and your lives otherwise stay the same. Do you want to swap back?
What would be the ideal fate of humanity, if you aren't around to see it fulfilled?
What memory with someone will you remember forever?
Would you rather have a built-in mental calendar and clock for reminders, or perfect navigation to any location?
If someone invited you on a date, where would you expect them to take you?
What's something you wish you took more seriously?
You're a shapeshifter that can take on any form you can imagine. What do you choose to look like most of the time?
Would you rather your teeth be so long that your lips can't touch, or no teeth at all?
What sense could you manage without?
Do you like when strangers engage you in conversation while you're waiting in a line?
You've always had a superpower, but didn't know it. What event in your past is better explained by this?
What would you pay somebody to do the work you actually get done in one hour?
Have the group choose a monster. Would you rather fight or fuck them?
Have you ever been arrested? What for?
If you won the lottery and had to give the money to somebody in the group, who would it be and why?
What's the craziest thing you've done while naked?
Have you even been skinny dipping?
What's the stupidest thing you've done while drunk or otherwise intoxicated?
Who here would you most want to be lost with?
If you had 24 hours to live, what would you do?
Out of all the players, who would be the last person you'd fuck?
How often do you have to fake happiness?
Have you ever fantasized about having sex with someone?
You can freely replace any or all of your body parts with cybernetics. What do you replace, and with what?
What is a mental health issue you regularly struggle with?
Do you wish that people you trust were more physically affectionate with you, or less?
When you hold your thoughts back, do you usually do it for the sake of other people's feelings, or your own?
What is an opportunity you regret missing?
What's something you wish your friends did for you more often?
What's a task you wish was more fun to do?
What's a personality trait that you find particularly attractive?
What preparations do you want to make for your death?
What is a legacy you've made that will outlive you?
What do you hoard?
Who do you most consistently feel love from in your life? Friends, family, partners?
What helps you feel confident?
How does attention from strangers feel? Exciting, unnerving, charming, repulsive?
What's the maximum number of people you would want to have sex with at once?
You and someone are planning a threesome. Which player is your third?
When was the last time you cleaned your room?,
Is there a mess under your bed?,
Is there a mess in your closet?,
Have you ever snuck a snack?,
Have you ever said you finished your dinner when you really didn’t?,
Have you ever cheated on a test?,
Do you have a crush on anyone?,
What would you do with Rs.1,00,000?,
If you could be any celebrity, who would you be and why?,
Have you ever faked a sickness to stay home from school?,
Have you ever used your lunch money for something other than lunch?,
Have you ever watched a movie or TV show that you know you’re not allowed?,
What are some ways you cheat on chores?,
What is the least favorite gift you’ve ever received?,
Are you afraid of the dark?,
Do you have any secrets?,
Do you keep a diary/journal?,
Is there anything that you would change about yourself?,
What is your biggest fear?,
Have you ever skipped school?,
What is your worst habit?,
Have you ever lied about your age?,
Have you ever lied to me?,
Do you bite your nails?,
Do you pick your nose?,
Have you ever peed in a pool?,
What is the grossest thing you have done today?,
When was the last time you flossed your teeth?,
Which would you rather have for dinner, fast-food or Mom home cooking?,
Have you ever cried during a movie? If so, which one?,
Do you still enjoy Blues Clues?,
What is something you wish you were better at?,
Have you ever broken something and blamed someone else?,
When was the last time you did something nice for someone else?,
What is your favorite meal Mom makes?,
Have you ever peeked at Christmas presents early?,
Have you ever eaten a bug?,
Do you pick scabs?,
Have you ever passed gas and blamed someone else?
Do you still love your ex?
Who was your first crush?
If you had to choose between going naked or having your thoughts appear in thought bubbles above your head for everyone to read, which would you choose?
Have you ever walked in on your parents doing it?
After you've dropped a piece of food, what's the longest time you've left it on the ground and then ate it?
Have you ever tasted a booger?
Have you ever played Cards Against Humanity with your parents?
What's the first thing you would do if you woke up one day as the opposite sex?
Have you ever peed in the pool?
Who do you think is the worst dressed person in your room?
Have you ever farted in an elevator?
True or false? You have a crush on your neighbour.
Of the people in your room, who do you want to trade lives with?
What are some things you think about when sitting on the toilet?
Did you have an imaginary friend growing up?
Do you cover your eyes during a scary part in a movie?
Have you ever practiced kissing in a mirror?
Did your parents ever give you the \“birds and the bees\” talk?
What is your worst habit?
Has anyone ever walked in on you when going in the bathroom?
Have you ever had a wardrobe malfunction?
Have you ever walked into a wall?
Do you pick your nose?
Do you sing in the shower?
Have you ever peed yourself?
What was your most embarrassing moment in public?
Have you ever farted loudly in class?
Do you ever talk to yourself in the mirror?
You’re in a public restroom and just went , then you realized your stall has no toilet paper. What do you do?
What would be in your web history that you’d be embarrassed if someone saw?
Have you ever tried to take a sexy picture of yourself?
Do you sleep with a stuffed animal?
Do you drool in your sleep?
Do you talk in your sleep?
Who is your secret crush?
Do you think your sister is cute?
Who do you like the least in your room, and why?
What does your dream boy or girl look like?
What is your go-to song for the shower?
Who is the sexiest person in your room?
How would you rate your looks on a scale of 1 to 10?
Would you rather have sex with your ex in secret or not have sex with that person, but everyone thinks you did?
What color underwear are you wearing right now?
What was the last thing you texted?
If you were rescuing people from a burning building and you had to leave one person behind from your room, who would it be?
Have you ever tasted your sweat?
What is the most illegal thing you have ever done?
Who is your favorite? Mom or Dad?
Would you trade your PP in for a million dollars?
Would you trade in your dog for a million dollars?
What is your biggest pet peeve?
If you were allowed to marry more than one person, would you? Who would you choose to marry?
Would you rather lose your sex organs forever or gain 200 pounds?
Would you choose to save 100 people without anyone knowing about it or not save them but have everyone praise you for it?
If you could only hear one song for the rest of your life, what would it be?
If you lost one day of your life every time you said a swear word, would you try not to do it?
Who in your room would be the worst person to date? Why?
Would you rather live with no internet or no A/C or heating?
If someone offered you Rs.1 Lakh to break up with your girlfriend/boyfriend, would you do it?
If you were reborn, what decade would you want to be born in?
If you could go back in time in erase one thing you said or did, what would it be?
Has your boyfriend or girlfriend ever embarrassed you?
Have you ever thought about cheating on your partner?
If you could suddenly become invisible, what would you do?
Have you ever been caught checking someone out?
Have you ever waved at someone thinking they saw you when really they didn't? What did you do when you realized it?
What's the longest time you've stayed in the bathroom, and why did you stay for that long?
What's the most unflattering school picture of you?
Have you ever cried because you missed your parents so much?
Would you rather be caught picking your nose or picking a wedgie?
Describe the strangest dream you've ever had. Did you like it?
Have you ever posted something on social media that you regret?
What is your biggest fear?
Do you pee in the shower?
Have you ever ding dong ditched someone?
The world ends next week, and you can do anything you want (even if it's illegal). What would you do?
Would you wear your shirt inside out for a whole day if someone paid you Rs.1000?
What is the most childish thing that you still do?
How far would you go to land the guy or girl of your dreams?
Tell us about a time you embarrassed yourself in front of a crush.
Have you ever kept a library book?
Who is one person you pretend to like, but actually don’t?
What children’s movie could you watch over and over again?
Do you have bad foot odor?
Do you have any silly nicknames?
When was the last time you wet the bed?
How many pancakes have you eaten in a single sitting?
Have you ever accidentally hit something with your car?
If you had to make out with any Disney character, who would it be?
Have you ever watched a movie you knew you shouldn’t?
Have you ever wanted to try LARP (Live Action Role-Play)?
What app on your phone do you waste the most time on?
Have you ever pretended to be sick to get out of something? If so, what was it?
What is the most food you’ve eaten in a single sitting?
Do you dance when you’re by yourself?
Would you have voted for or against Trump?
What song on the radio do you sing with every time it comes on?
Do you own a pair of footie pajamas?
Are you scared of the dark?
What ‘As seen on TV’ product do you secretly want to buy?
Do you still take bubble baths?
If you were home by yourself all day, what would you do?
How many selfies do you take a day?
What is something you’ve done to try to be ‘cooler’?
When was the last time you brushed your teeth?
Have you ever used self-tanner?
What do your favorite pajamas look like?
Do you have a security blanket?
Have you ever eaten something off the floor?
Have you ever butt-dialed someone?
Do you like hanging out with your parents?
Have you ever got caught doing something you shouldn’t?
What part of your body do you love, and which part do you hate?
Have you ever had lice?
Have you ever pooped your pants?
What was the last R-rated movie you watched?
Do you lick your plate?
What is something that no one else knows about you?
Do you write in a diary?
What is the worst date you’ve ever been on?
Have you ever had a crush on a friend’s boyfriend/girlfriend?
If you had to make out with a boy at school, who would it be?
Would you rather go for a month without washing your hair or go for a day without wearing a bra/boxer?
Have you ever asked someone out?
Have you ever had a crush on a person at least 10 years older than you?
Who is the worst kisser you’ve kissed?
What size is your bra/boxer?
Do you wear tighty whities or granny panties?
Do you ever admire yourself in the mirror?
Has a crush ever found out you liked them and turned you down?
Have you ever been stood up on a date?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve done regarding your crush?
Do you secretly love Twilight?
Have you ever wanted to be a cheerleader?
Who is the hottest? Hagrid, Dumbledore, or Dobby?
If you could marry any celebrity, who would it be?
What do you do to get yourself "sexy"?
Who is your current crush?
What hairstyle have you always wanted, but never been willing to try?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve said or done in front of someone you like?
Who is your celebrity crush?
If you could change one thing about your body, what would it be?
Who was your first kiss? Did you like it?
Who are you jealous of?
If you could be another girl at our school, who would you be?
Would you kiss a guy on the first date? Would you do more than that?
Who are the top five cutest guys in our class? Rank them.
How many kids do you want to have in the future?
Who do you hate the most?
If you could go out on a date with a celebrity, who would it be?
If you were stranded on a deserted island, who would you want to be stranded with from our school?
Have you ever flirted with your best friend’s siblings?
Have you ever been dumped? What was the reason for it?
Who is your first pick for prom?
What's the sexiest thing about a guy?
What's the sexiest thing about a girl?
What's one physical feature that you would change on yourself if you could?
Would you rather be a guy than a girl or vice versa? Why?
Describe your dream career.
If you could eat anything you wanted without getting fat, what would that food be?
If you had to do a game show with someone in your room, who would you pick?
Would you go a year without your phone if it meant you could marry the person of your dreams?
You are going to be stuck on a desert island, and you can only bring five things. List them.
If you could only wear one hairstyle for the rest of your life, would you choose curly hair or straight hair?
You have to give up one makeup item for the rest of your life. What is it?
Would you date someone shorter than you?
If someone paid you Rs.1000 to wear your bra outside your shirt, or boxers outside your pant, would you do it?"
Did you ever fart in the pool?
What was the last thing you searched for on your phone?
Did you ever drink before you were of the legal drinking age?
What is the craziest thing you have done while under the influence?
What was the last thing you searched for on your phone web browser?
After you’ve dropped a piece of food, what’s the longest time you’ve left it on the ground and then ate it?
What’s the first thing you would do if you woke up one day as the opposite sex?
If someone heard you snoring, would they say it’s obnoxiously loud?
Have you ever peed in a pool full of people?
Who do you think is the worst dressed person in this room?
True or false? You have a crush on an elderly person?
What is the largest amount of food you’ve eaten in one sitting?
Of the people in this room, who do you want to trade lives with for one day?
What is the most embarrassing situation you’ve ever been a part of?
What, if any, sport do you absolutely hate against popular opinion?
Did your parents ever give you the “birds and the bees” talk?
What is your guilty pleasure that you never tell anyone?
What is your worst or most embarrassing habit?
Has anyone ever walked in on you when taking a dump in the bathroom?
Have you ever had a major wardrobe malfunction while in public?
Have you ever accidentally walked into a wall or building?
Do you pick your nose when you’re alone?
How much older of an individual would you enter a relationship with?
Have you ever peed yourself at school before?
Have you ever farted loudly in class or another social setting?
You’re in a public restroom and just pooped, then you realized your stall has no toilet paper. What do you do?
Have you ever tried to take a sexy or naked picture of yourself?
Do you sleep with a stuffed animal or something else for comfort?
Who are you secretly attracted to?
Do you think kittens are cute?
Who do you like the least in this room and why?
Who is the sexiest person in this room?
Would you rather have sex with [insert name] in secret or not have sex with that person but everyone thinks you did?
What things do you not like about me?
What color and kind of underwear are you wearing right now?
What song do you enjoy in privacy?
What was the last thing you texted someone of the opposite sex?
If you were rescuing people from a burning building and you had to leave one person behind from this room, who would it be?
Have you ever accidentally revealed a friends secret?
Do you think that you and your current girlfriend or boyfriend will ever be married?
How often do you wash your undergarments?
Have you ever tasted ear wax?
Have you ever farted and then blamed someone else?
What is the most illegal thing you’ve ever done?
Who is your favorite person in you immediate family?
Would you trade your sibling in for a million dollars if there were no other consequences?
What is your biggest pet peeve that other people do?
If you were to join the military what job do you think you’d enjoy the most ?
Would you rather lose your sex organs forever or gain 200 pounds only in your stomach?
Who in this room would be the worst person to date? Why?
What was your favorite childhood video game?
If someone offered you $1 million dollars to break up with your girlfriend/boyfriend, would you do it?
What is your favorite alcoholic beverage?
Have you ever waved at someone thinking they saw you when really they didn’t? What did you do when you realized it?
What’s the longest time you’ve stayed in the bathroom, and why did you stay for that long?
What’s the most unflattering school picture of you?
Do you prefer a bath or a shower? Why?
Describe the strangest dream you’ve ever had. Did you like it?
What is your biggest and most irrational fear?
What is the scariest movie you have ever seen?
What is something you have done that has made you really proud?
The world ends next week and you can do anything you want (even if it’s illegal). What would you do?
Would you wear your shirt inside out for a whole day if someone paid you $100?
What salad dressing could you drink out of the bottle?
What’s the last lie you told?,
Whose chats/calls do you ignore the most in this room?
What’s your most bizarre nickname?
What’s been your most physically painful experience?
What’s the craziest thing you’ve done on public transportation?
If you met a genie, what would your three wishes be?/n You cannot say 'n' more wishes.
What’s one thing you’d do if you knew there no consequences?
What’s the craziest thing you’ve done in front of a mirror?
What’s the meanest thing you’ve ever said about someone else?
Who are you most jealous of?
What's the type of cloth your partner to wears that turns you on?
What's your most embarrasing incident in front of your college professor?
Would you date your high school crush today?
Do you believe in any superstitions? If so, which ones and why?
What’s your most embarrassing habit?
Have you ever considered cheating on a partner? If yes then why?
If you were guaranteed to never get caught, who on Earth would you murder?
What’s the cheapest gift you’ve ever gotten for someone else?
Which of your family members annoys you the most and why?
What’s your biggest regret in life?
Have you ever regretted something you did to get a crush or partner’s attention?
What’s one not so common job you could never do?
If you switched genders for a day, what would you do?
When’s the last time you made someone else cry and how?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve done in front of a crowd?
If you could become invisible, what’s the worst thing you’d do?
Have you ever farted and blamed it on someone else and to whom?
What’s something you would die if your mom found out about?
If you had one week to live and you had to marry someone in this room, who would it be?\nImagine everyone in your list is single.
List one negative thing about anyone in the room.
What’s the most sinful thing you’ve done in a house of worship?
Who would you call to help bury a body?
What’s the most embarrassing thing your parents have caught you doing?\nAhem ahem!
When’s the last time you peed your pants?
What’s your biggest insecurity?
What’s your wildest fantasy?
If you could hire someone to do one thing for you, what would it be?
What’s the best lie/brag you’ve ever told anyone?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve ever done in a bathroom? Ahem Ahem!
What’s the biggest secret you’ve kept from your parents?
If you were rescuing people from a burning building and you had to leave one person behind from this room, who would it be?\nCruel isn't it :p
When did you first started watching p*rn?
Why are you still addicted to something that you know is bad?
Have you ever hit on anyone's private part?What's their worst reaction
Do you think any girl loves you?
Why is melody chocolate melody?
If you could get a bf from this room assuming everyone's single, who would it be?
Who do you think hits on you the most in this room?
What is your biggest fantasy?
When was the last time you lied?
When was the last time you cried?
What's your biggest fantasy?
What's something you're glad your mum doesn't know about you?
what's your last web search history
Who was your first crush, or who is your current crush?,
How old were you when you had your first kiss?,
What would you do if your current boyfriend/girlfriend ended things right now?,
Have you ever cheated on a boyfriend/girlfriend?,
Have you ever been cheated on by a boyfriend/girlfriend?,
If you could go on a date with anyone in the room, who would it be?,
What personality traits would cause you to end a friendship?,
Would you go behind a friend's back with a crush?,
Have you ever lied to your best friend?,
Would you ever cheat off a friends paper?,
How many different best friends have you had during your lifetime?,
If you were stuck on a deserted island, which friend would you want with you?,
How long have you gone without showering?,
Have you ever told a lie during a game of Truth or Dare? What was it and why?,
Have you ever had a crush on anyone here?,
Have you ever stolen anything?,
What's your scariest nightmare?,
What do you think is your biggest physical flaw?,
Have you ever gone skinny dipping?,
What kind of pajamas do you wear to bed?,
What's the dumbest thing you've ever done on a dare?,
What color is your underwear?,
Have you ever peed in the swimming pool?,
If you weren't here, what would you be doing?,
If you couldn't go to the college or get the job of your dreams, what would you do?,
What is one thing you've never told anyone else?,
What do you want to be when you grow up?,
What kind of person do you want to marry someday?,
Do you want to have kids? How many?,
If you could switch places with someone for a day, who would it be?,
If you could invent anything, what would it be?,
If you knew the world was about to end, what would you do?,
If you could be born again, who would you come back as?,
Are you scared of dying? Why?,
What happened on worst day of your life?,
Have you ever climbed a tree?,
Have you ever sang and danced in the grocery store?,
If you could be a superhero, what would your power be?,
What would you do if you were invisible for a day?,
If you life were made into a movie, who would play you?,
What's your biggest pet peeve?,
What is your special talent?,
What's the best meal you've ever had?,
What's you favorite Disney movie and why?,
What would you do with a million dollars if you ever won the lottery?
What is your least favorite thing about family gatherings?
What is your least favorite thing about family gatherings?,
What is your favorite thing about family gatherings?,
What is one thing that makes you relax? ,
Tell about the last dream you had and don’t leave anything out.,
Have you ever told someone you wouldn’t be home just so they wouldn’t come over?,
Have you ever danced on a table when you were drunk?,
Have you ever shared chewing gum with anyone?,
If anyone in your family could win an award for the most annoying,  who would it be?,
If you could create your own job title,  what would it be?,
What is your excuse to get out of exercising?,
What was the one thing you could never learn how to do no matter how hard you tried?,
What was your favorite childhood television show?,
What makes you laugh?,
If you had a remote control that would operate anything,  what would you control?,
What is your guilty pleasure?,
Where is your favorite vacation spot?